Mexico, Son of P
Mexico from P
Mexico
Son of a b
What happens?
Oh yes, here comes
Son of a b
Translation and subtitling Cristhian Bourlot
Praise him!
Looking to save, save my soul
I am looking for places where no flower grows
I'm looking to fill that hole with the shape of God
Mother
Mother sucking rock and roll
Mother peeking
Buying candies
Rock And Roll
Holy wetting, Space junk
Arriving for a dip
I was back, I was in front
White Drogones in the punk
Looking directly at the flashes
I was back, I was in front
Searching for a little Jesus
Under the dirt
Mother
Mother sucking rock and roll
Mother peeking
Buying candies
Rock And Roll
Mother
Am I still your son?
You know I've waited so long
To hear you say it
Mother
You left and you made me someone
Now I am still a child
But nobody tells me that no
Tell me no!
Tell me!
Do not!
I'm looking for a sound to drown the world
For the father of my two little daughters
Apacíguame sister
Comméveme brother
Move me a mountain
Move me a mountain, love